Update MCP server to include service account (#19)
hydrolix/mcp-hydrolix: README.md

  HYDROLIX_PASSWORD: <hydrolix-password>
```

MCP Server definition using service account token (YAML):

```yaml
command: uv
args:
- run
- --with
- mcp-hydrolix
- --python
- "3.13"
- mcp-hydrolix
env:
  HYDROLIX_HOST: <hydrolix-host>
  HYDROLIX_TOKEN: <hydrolix-service-account-token>
```

### Configuration Example (Claude Desktop)

1. Open the Claude Desktop configuration file located at:
   - On macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
   - On Windows: `%APPDATA%/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`

> 2. Add a `mcp-hydrolix` server entry to the `mcpServers` config block to use username and password:

Reviewer: I think we should revert this line and simply remove the user/password example from this bullet point -- we already have exhaustive examples above, this is just a single arbitrary example -- and I'd expect service account to be the more common case.

#### Required Variables
* `HYDROLIX_HOST`: The hostname of your Hydrolix server

> * `HYDROLIX_TOKEN`: The Hydrolix service account token
>   ##### OR
> * `HYDROLIX_USER`: The username for authentication
> * `HYDROLIX_PASSWORD`: The password for authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HYDROLIX_TOKEN`: The Hydrolix service account token (omit if using username/password)
* `HYDROLIX_USER`: The username for authentication (omit if using service account)
* `HYDROLIX_PASSWORD`: The password for authentication (omit if using service account)
```
The `OR` may be read as dropping `HYDROLIX_HOST` as well -- at the least, we shouldn't use header syntax for the `OR`

#### Required Variables
* `HYDROLIX_HOST`: The hostname of your Hydrolix server
* `HYDROLIX_TOKEN`: The Hydrolix service account token (omit if using username/password)
* `HYDROLIX_USER`: The username for authentication (omit if using service account)

> * `HYDROLIX_PASSWORD`: The password for authentication (omit if using service account)

Reviewer 2: Might be worth adding a note about which authentication method takes precedence if both are provided.

Reviewer 2: Actually, this change introduced a small bug. When using `HYDROLIX_TOKEN` (and no `HYDROLIX_USER` set up), it will fail here: https://github.com/hydrolix/mcp-hydrolix/blob/4c9393b99c7d68c226cdb26e791a150d562a742c/mcp_hydrolix/mcp_server.py#L249 , because no username specified.

suggested changes inside _create_hydrolix_client()_ function :
```
...
    client_config = get_config().get_client_config()
-->    auth_info = f"as {client_config['username']}" if 'username' in client_config else "using service account token"
    logger.info(
        f"Creating Hydrolix client connection to {client_config['host']}:{client_config['port']} "
-->     f"{auth_info} "
...
```

Reviewer 2: All this was resolved in the latest commit.
